and precisely that economic situation
difficult has done that during the past
16 years thousands of Venezuelans come to
our country come to Colombia they
they are following minute by minute the
development of your nation and these
last days by different means of
communication this your history
Colombian migration figures give
account of an increasing number of trips
from Venezuelans to our country trips of
all kinds of tourism business studies
among others these are the data of the
In recent years, in 2010, 200
2,624 Venezuelans to Colombia in 2011 229
thousand 234 they did it in 2012 they entered 252
thousand 475 in 2013 year in which nicolás
mature came to the presidency 262 thousand
343 arrived in our country and in what
It goes from 2014 24 thousand 662 Venezuelans have
admitted to Colombia according to sergio bueno
emigration director colombia the flow
of people from the neighboring country is the
higher flow of travelers between
Colombia and Venezuela occupies the second
place in what has to do with
foreigners who enter and leave
Colombia after the United States to
daniel page is Venezuelan who came to
Colombia five years ago are several
reasons why the
travel from venezuela does not support us
more the insecurity is not cut
the economy does not support the policies anymore
of the national government does not support
repressions but another figure that calls the
attention is that of Colombians
deported from the neighboring country in 2002
only 133 Colombians were reported
in 2013 already in the government of mature those
figures soared to 2 thousand 635 national
that were returned to our country and in
so far this 2014 have been
deported 556 Colombians much of
they have complaints for the reason of their
complaints are repeated
of Colombians and the denunciations of
abuse of staying the trend
deported so far this year on
2014 could be history because of the high
number of Colombians deported from
the neighboring country